1. The figure below shows the cycle of a dynamic webpage. Dynamic in the
 sense that the webpage takes in user data and will change automatically 
 based on that data. Unlike a static site that doesn't change and is 
 writtine purely in HTML. In picture 1 we see the webpage that the user 
 sees. This could be a webpage like google. When a user gives data to the 
 webpage, such as typing in a search query, that data is sent to the web 
 server. The server then takes the data, the query, and processes it in PHP 
 which will then tell the data base what needs to be stored or retreived, in 
 this case the result of the query will be received. The returned data, the 
 search results, are then processed through PHP and merged with HTML on the 
 web server. The web server, using HTML, presents the data, the search 
 results, back to the user on the webpage in a readable format. 

2. 
	a. The issue, if the server provides the correct time assuming that the 
	correct syntax was used, is the server is desiplaying its own local 
	time. This server's local time zone my differ from the users time zone. 
	To fix this, the user can set the timezone by declaring a new DateTime 
	object and utilizing the new DateTimeZone parameter. 

	b. A get method is used mainly to view data while a post method is used 
	to change data, such as changing a password.

	c. A concatenation operator in PHP is . which concatenates the right and 
	left string arguments given into a single string. In class we used this 
	in basicform.php where we combined several strings, including php 
	functions with string outputs, to make a basic entry form. 

	d.
		i. Variable names must begin with a $, then the next character must 
		be a letter or an underscore. Any proceeding character can be 
		letters, numbers or underscores. Variables in PHP do not have to be 
		given an explicit data type upon declaration.
		The syntax is as follows
		$x = 8;
		In this scenario, the variable $x is being asigned the integer value 
		8
		ii. Constants do not begin with a dollar sign and are customarily 
		named using all uppercase letters. Constants can be named using 
		reserved words in PHP, however this will cause significant errors to 
		occur and should be avoided. Constants are defined using the 
		define() function and cannot be changed once declared.  
		iii. The name field in HTML is used to give the data that is being 	
		inputed a label to be referenced in computations later. 

	e. 
		i. Declaring data types of variables
			int $x = 5;
		ii. Missing $ in varaible declarations
			int x = 5;
		iii. Missing ; at the end of any line
			int x = 5
		iv. Attempting to declare constants with reserved words
			define(ECHO, 5);
		v. Missing PHP HTML command to inform the HTML file of the use of PHP
		
			echo "Hello World" #incorrect

			<?php
				echo "Hello World" *correct
			?>

	f. The "radio" input type generates a bubble such as in a multiple 
	choice questions. The name field is used twice for two different inputs, because which ever input the user chooses, that data, male or female, will be assigned to the label "gender". 


